Added https://spinalcms.com/ as a CMS option (#2336)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/cms/spinal.mdx

---

> title: Spinal & Astro
> description: Create and update all markdown content in your Astro site with Spinal.
> layout: ~/layouts/CMSLayout.astro
> stub: true
> service: Spinal
> ---
> 
> [Spinal](https://spinalcms.com/cms-for-astro/) is commercial, SaaS-focussed, Git-based CMS.
> 
> ## Getting started
> 
> 1. [Create an Spinal account](https://spinalcms.com/signup/)
> 2. Connect your GitHub account to Spinal
> 3. Select the repository with Astro repo
> 
> All markdown content from the selected folder will be imported into your Spinal account and is ready to be edited.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Spinal & Astro
description: Add content to your project using Spinal as your CMS.
layout: ~/layouts/CMSLayout.astro
stub: true
service: Spinal
---

[Spinal](https://spinalcms.com/cms-for-astro/) is commercial, SaaS-focused, Git-based CMS.

## Getting started

1. [Create a Spinal account](https://spinalcms.com/signup/).
2. Connect your GitHub account to Spinal.
3. Select your Astro repository when prompted.

All Markdown content from the selected folder will be imported into your Spinal account and is ready to be edited.

```
